Excellent.
No matter how many times we fought,
you will always be my sister.
Whether you're gone for a deuteronomy was still,
monsieur.
Don't pay attention to any of these towns of this job.
Have i mentioned we wish you the best in life.
Hi,
sam.
He's got the perfect wife.
Forget the wrist.
Go.
You're the best seats in the world on i am only.
But i thank the lord i'm not latin.
I got a sister who loves me.
Will do anything for me and trust me might cause me a bit fussy
but there's no one more lovely than uses and there's talk together are themis.
But it's true this what i'm telling you you better listen.
I've got a vision for you and i always wish the best love beyond cleared lines.
A little happened.
You seen jude klein?
You're older without a cold shoulder by shoulder was want to cry on those times
going in our remedies.
But as long as there's a future,
there will be this brother who loves you.
God above you will both be watching over you as my sister.
He has chosen you as your brother.
He has chosen may and they've been solved my heart.
He has awakened me to reality facing got to say that there's no one as close to
me through all those times in the pasture with good or bad i'm glad you were there.
And now nowhere the perfect kid and nothing will compare to the love bullshit show
till the day i buy a lovely sees this is something i can never deny remember,
at least trust me,
it ain't no lie